hey all Allen here from damn good
reviews calm and today I'm going to be
reviewing a really interesting product
what it does it takes laminate
countertops and turns them into almost a
faux looking granite and this is by a
company called Gianni and I actually saw
a couple videos online and I thought wow
that's pretty cool now we did change
your countertops in the kitchen but I do
have a countertop in the downstairs
bathroom which I really want to change
and they have a color that really looked
like it could work it's like a sandstone
so I figured why not give it a shot
again I watch the videos and thought hey
this this could be really interesting so
in the box you'll see what comes with it
we got a special texture sponge here a
couple different rollers roller
application applicators a roller another
sponge brush a DVD so I guess we should
probably watch that so I don't screw
anything up
instruction manual a lot of really great
stuff in here
this is just a piece of paper looks like
a piece of black piece of construction
paper maybe that you can do some test
work on and then underneath we have the
specialty paint so go ahead and grab
this all out of the box real quick and
this is made for the laminate
countertops a lot of times if you would
leave just a counter top and try to
paint it it would not work so we have
our step one step one step one and then
words let's see step two step three step
four and Step five so you got to follow
it all these ways and they have the top
coat clear so that gives the shiny look
so we're going to go ahead we're going
to try this and we're going to see how
it turns out so stick around
you
okay so in the final part in clearcoat
as you can see how shiny it is is an
animal con is very easy to apply just
follow the directions we need to watch
the video but the directions were
actually very easy to follow
so to declare code across everything and
it's looking really really good
you click on the side here and I mean I
really really like the way this came out
there are a couple spots maybe that
could have been a little bit better
taking a little more time but I you know
that's all just personal preference and
how you actually do it but I think
already it looks much better than just a
white countertop that was there so with
the sink and then once I clock
everything again it's going to look
really nice so this was a very very easy
project it definitely took about a day
to do but I'm very happy with it would
highly recommend this and especially if
you do have some some background of
doing like the paint stamping and stuff
like that
probably very easy for you this for the
first time I did this and I still really
think it came out really cool so the
last time we're going to look at this is
after I caught up everything and put it
all back together and take it down but
so far this really came out excellent I
really love this Gianni granite paint
really really cool I can't believe it
and I'm just going to wait to finish
everything up let it dry for another
four hours and I'll see you what we're
almost done